hey it's aaron the ho and today we're
gonna do some pretty bad things to
lunatic tactic extreme for the iphone 5s
real usage
real reviews mobile reviews a CA now
this case is a very expensive case made
by lunatic and lunatic is a company that
prides themselves and the build quality
as well the design of their products and
generally it shows now lunatic doesn't
tell you how far you can actually drop
it so i'm guessing they didn't actually
go and do the test but and their faq
they say you know somebody riding a
motorcycle dropped it fell off while
they were going at 50 miles per hour so
they make it sound like it's pretty
tough so the entire phone kind of sits
in the middle of the silicon there's
about a half an inch of silicone around
the entire phone and I call it an impact
trust and there's all these little
triangles in it whatnot the things that
we look for in our drop test is just to
see if there's any physical damage to
the phone as well as physical damage to
the case sometimes cases break after one
drop or they come apart after a drop and
those are things that we want you guys
to know so what we're gonna do next
we're gonna do several tests we're gonna
do a oopsy coming out of your pocket
test that up see I'm walking and I trip
and I drop it and an oopsie I'm gonna
throw it up and maybe hit the ceiling of
this room test so we're gonna get the
video going there's our entire set up
and we're gonna accidentally pull it
over pocket and it falls and it sounds
so nice when it hits the ground it just
kind of like like a pillow pith
the videos still going not too shabby
um I'm walk-in and uh Oh face first yeah
nothing really this entire case is
screwed together so there's almost no
chance other than somehow we're tearing
apart the pub polymer polycarbonate
plastic thing apart
we'll do a speedy test speedy still
going and if we do a hole so this is the
last test that we're gonna do and we're
gonna make it a doozy so I'm gonna try
to toss the phones that I totally missed
we're gonna do that one more time this
time I'm going to try not to fail and
we're gonna still filming so after all
those drops the one thing we did notice
was that this piece doesn't fit into the
plug anymore and so we are gonna guess
that we dropped it on corner which it
look like we did and something's bent on
the inside
I've unscrewed these ones I'm gonna
leave this one and we're just going to
do that quickly now this is the one
that's holds in the plug and it's the
thing that's not fitting properly
that's the screw in question and it
doesn't look like it's bent oh good it
fits back in
that's a bust no it doesn't so I went
and got my old lunatic tactic extreme
and I've got this little red knob and I
had to take I compared the two and then
I'm guessing one of the impacts actually
one of the drops landed directly on this
corner because the piece actually this
metal piece is actually slightly
deformed it's a little longer now so it
used to fit but now it doesn't because I
fight it this red piece and put it in if
it's quite nicely into the hole but if I
take this orange little nub because
we've deformed it it doesn't really fit
that well it kind of pumps out a little
bit all in all I still think this case
is pretty tough we did just toss it like
nobody's business
but I think we might be able to do
something a little more with it but you
have to find that out in the annotation
section at the end of this video we're
going to see if I can fly i think i'm
aaron the ho i'm a reviewer at mobile
reviews a CA it's the first time you're
watching one of the videos i do
encourage you to push subscribe as we do
one assessor we review every single week
so we create a series of videos for you
to consume about one particular
accessory you can find us on google+ ask
us questions anywhere and we'll get back
to you as soon as we can we're on
Twitter and Facebook as well and well
thank you for watching see you soon